Now we start training our model
so we'll first need to call the comp. Meffert we're going to use our term optimizer.
We're going to use that by a curse and Trophy last function.
We're going to use IQ to measure the solids
and then we will just try and use and treat Meffert
we need to pass the X train y train variables into our training Meffert And we also need to define a
batch size.
We're going to use 15 and we're going to train for just five books to see the results right now.
Our neural network is now trying we cover an 88 of almost 30 seconds to train for this epoch.
But we have five books.
So we'll just wait and see that we have a really low level of really high accuracy just at the beginning
of February.
We'll just wait until the network finishes training.
Now that our network has finished training we're going to try to measure the results.
So remember that we had to split our data set in X train and X test.
Well now we're going to use the X test with the evaluate method from class.
We're going to need to pass the X Y test labels as well.
So one model predicts the labels.
You will be able to compare them with the actual expected labels for this input.
OK.
We know the score.
We're going to try to find.
So this means that we achieved ninety nine point ninety four percent accuracy you know where that.